# IBMGDMGeneratorWTX1.0
Standalone IBM Graphical Data Mapper generation utility to accelerate the creation of map specification language maps based on transformation meta-data export from WTX Maps as XML
#

This utility uses takes it's input from the XML files that can be exported from the IBM TX (WebSphere TX (WTX)) Studio 

containing the definition of a transformation mapping exercise that needs to be performed. 

The data in the parsed/converted object is then passed to JAXB code that executes against the IBM GDM XML schema (msl.xsd) to produce an IBM Graphical Data Map that can be used in IBM Integration Bus by default. However, if opened in IBM Integration Designer the target runtime can be changed from xquery to XSLT in order to be used with Datapower.(I have not tested against Datapower). It is also possible this tooling could be used in conjunction with zOS connect. 

This utility is a prototype an as such a work in progess and at this point in time it will attempt to do the following:
1) Create basic IBM GDM Maps with a single input and output schema
2) Perform element association.
3) Supports moves, assigns and converts

Therefore, at this point in time the utility represents a rudimentary capability that demonstrates how to use WTX meta-data (in the form of XML export file) to define a transformation and then use that data to generate an IBM Graphical Data Map. 

The ParseWTXXMLSerialMSL.java class is the executable code and provides demonstration on how to use the standalone DFDL Java parser and leverage JaxB Java code against JaxB Objects generated by the IIB Toolkit from the IBM GDM MSL.XSD XML schema.

The IBM Integration Community article "IBM Transformation Extender (WTX) to Graphical Data Map (GDM) Conversion Tool (Prototype)" is under construction and will have more information on running the tool. See article at link:

https://developer.ibm.com/integration/blog/linkTocome/

The GeneratedMapTargetApp\Documentation folder also has document and diagrams

If you wish to contribute please email Dave - davearno@au1.ibm.com
